README.md, before:


> [ ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Cases-red.svg) ](https://corcc.github.io/corcc/latest/case.json)
> [ ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Counter-orange.svg) ](https://corcc.github.io/corcc/latest/case/counter.json)
> [ ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Country-yellow.svg) ](https://corcc.github.io/corcc/latest/case/country.json)
> 
> [ ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vaccinations-brightgreen.svg) ](https://corcc.github.io/corcc/latest/vaccination.json)
> [ ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Counter-blue.svg) ](https://corcc.github.io/corcc/latest/vaccination/counter.json)
> [ ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Country-magenta.svg) ](https://corcc.github.io/corcc/latest/vaccination/country.json)
> 
> [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Trello%20Board-blue.svg)](https://trello.com/b/NZn7oI0J/corcc)
>
> [![License: WTFPL](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-WTFPL-brightgreen.svg)](http://www.wtfpl.net/about/)
> [![Update](https://github.com/TaYaKi71751/gh-action-data-scraping/actions/workflows/update.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/TaYaKi71751/gh-action-data-scraping/actions/workflows/update.yml)
> [![CodeQL](https://github.com/corcc/corcc/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/corcc/corcc/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml)
> 
> **TZ : UTC+0900**
> ### **! SCRAPEN DATA MAY NOY CORRECT !**
> ### FROM 
>> - [ COVID-19 Vaccination ](https://nip.kdca.go.kr/irgd/cov19stats.do) (XML)
>> 
>> - Cases in Korea by City/Province (**NOT-SECURED**) (HTML)
>> 
>>> (DISCONTINUED on 2021-11-17 => REASON : NO DATA )[Archive](https://web.archive.org/web/20211116205419/http://ncov.mohw.go.kr/en/bdBoardList.do?brdId=16&brdGubun=162&dataGubun=&ncvContSeq=&contSeq=&board_id=&gubun=)
>>> 
>>>  (CONTINUED)
>>>  
>>>  (en => cn => ko)
> 
> ### DATA-REF 
>> - [ COVID-19 Vaccination ](https://nip.kdca.go.kr/irgd/cov19stats.do?list=all) 
>>> 
>>> by [KDCA](https://kdca.go.kr) - [ DATA.GO.KR_DESCRIPT ](https://www.data.go.kr/data/15078166/openapi.do)
>> 
>> - [ Cases in Korea by City/Province (**NOT-SECURED**) ](http://ncov.mohw.go.kr/en/bdBoardList.do?brdGubun=162) 
>>> 
>>> by [ South_Korea \[ 'MOHW' \] (**NOT-SECURED**) ](http://mohw.go.kr/eng/)
> 
> ### REF
>> 
>> [ pomber / covid19 ](https://github.com/pomber/covid19)
>> 
>> [ sw-yx / gh-action-data-scraping ](https://github.com/sw-yx/gh-action-data-scraping)
>> 
>> [ dhlife09 / Corona-19-API ](https://github.com/dhlife09/Corona-19-API)

>  # [Daily Vaccinations at Today](./VaccinationsDaily.md)
>  # [Vaccinations at Today](./VaccinationsToday.md)
>  # [Confirmed Cases at Today](./CasesToday.md)
>  # [Vaccinations at Yesterday](./VaccinationsYesterday.md)

Commit message:

Replace to South Korea 's Ministry of Health and Welfare

README.md, after:


> [ ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Cases-red.svg) ](https://corcc.github.io/corcc/latest/case.json)
> [ ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Counter-orange.svg) ](https://corcc.github.io/corcc/latest/case/counter.json)
> [ ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Country-yellow.svg) ](https://corcc.github.io/corcc/latest/case/country.json)
> 
> [ ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vaccinations-brightgreen.svg) ](https://corcc.github.io/corcc/latest/vaccination.json)
> [ ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Counter-blue.svg) ](https://corcc.github.io/corcc/latest/vaccination/counter.json)
> [ ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Country-magenta.svg) ](https://corcc.github.io/corcc/latest/vaccination/country.json)
> 
> [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Trello%20Board-blue.svg)](https://trello.com/b/NZn7oI0J/corcc)
>
> [![License: WTFPL](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-WTFPL-brightgreen.svg)](http://www.wtfpl.net/about/)
> [![Update](https://github.com/TaYaKi71751/gh-action-data-scraping/actions/workflows/update.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/TaYaKi71751/gh-action-data-scraping/actions/workflows/update.yml)
> [![CodeQL](https://github.com/corcc/corcc/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/corcc/corcc/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml)
> 
> **TZ : UTC+0900**
> ### **! SCRAPEN DATA MAY NOY CORRECT !**
> ### FROM 
>> - [ COVID-19 Vaccination ](https://nip.kdca.go.kr/irgd/cov19stats.do) (XML)
>> 
>> - Cases in Korea by City/Province (**NOT-SECURED**) (HTML)
>> 
>>> (DISCONTINUED on 2021-11-17 => REASON : NO DATA )[Archive](https://web.archive.org/web/20211116205419/http://ncov.mohw.go.kr/en/bdBoardList.do?brdId=16&brdGubun=162&dataGubun=&ncvContSeq=&contSeq=&board_id=&gubun=)
>>> 
>>>  (CONTINUED)
>>>  
>>>  (en => cn => ko)
> 
> ### DATA-REF 
>> - [ COVID-19 Vaccination ](https://nip.kdca.go.kr/irgd/cov19stats.do?list=all) 
>>> 
>>> by [KDCA](https://kdca.go.kr) - [ DATA.GO.KR_DESCRIPT ](https://www.data.go.kr/data/15078166/openapi.do)
>> 
>> - [ Cases in Korea by City/Province (**NOT-SECURED**) ](http://ncov.mohw.go.kr/en/bdBoardList.do?brdGubun=162) 
>>> 
>>> by [ South Korea 's Ministry of Health and Welfare (**NOT-SECURED**) ](http://mohw.go.kr/eng/)
> 
> ### REF
>> 
>> [ pomber / covid19 ](https://github.com/pomber/covid19)
>> 
>> [ sw-yx / gh-action-data-scraping ](https://github.com/sw-yx/gh-action-data-scraping)
>> 
>> [ dhlife09 / Corona-19-API ](https://github.com/dhlife09/Corona-19-API)

>  # [Daily Vaccinations at Today](./VaccinationsDaily.md)
>  # [Vaccinations at Today](./VaccinationsToday.md)
>  # [Confirmed Cases at Today](./CasesToday.md)
>  # [Vaccinations at Yesterday](./VaccinationsYesterday.md)
